I just told you.
The four great families of red dust cannot enter my eyes
Even if the Governor of Red Dust, Sun Jihai, comes
You can only kneel and talk to me
I just told you.
I can only stand in Ye Weiyang
And you think I'm crazy?
No one believed
Now.
Do you believe it?
How could this be?
When I gave up my sword and went into hiding
Living in seclusion
I just wanted to live an ordinary life
I only hope that after my daughter marries into the Chen family
They can have babies.
be safe
But you
You so-called celebrities
wealthy clan
But high above
Treat ordinary people as Kususuke
Bully at will
My daughter Mu Qinghe
Abused by Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang
They were treated like slaves.
And even worse.
Now the Southern Jin Dynasty is unstable
Thief Infestation
Chen Hui in order to go private together
He did not hesitate to fight the thief Gui Tian Musashi
The heart of being defeated is to betray the country
You think I'm crazy?
Or is he crazy?
Traitor
Kill without mercy
Ah General Ye
General Ye, General Lin, forgive me
General Ye forgive me
Xiaohui Xiaohui, he was just confused for a while
He stands by confidence
He was overwhelmed by the clouds of ash
Yes, yes, he was forced.
He's not guilty, he doesn't deserve to die.
I beg you
I only have one son
I beg you, please let him go
You spared his life to run, please
I beg you I just gave you a chance
You don't cherish
Regret now
It's too late.
As long as you let him go
I promise.
I will definitely treat him like his own daughter in the future
Ah, it's not like serving Qinghe like riding a horse
I beg you I beg you
Thousand ways of reincarnation
Karma
If I were just an ordinary person
Will you wake up like this?
Will you let me and Qinghe go?
Wow, you don't.
You will only make it worse
unscrupulous
So you and Chen Hui must apologize for your own mistakes
Pay the price by mistake
You fox
Fight with you